README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
<br>
    <img src="https://github.com/gustavocabralsouza/MoveIt/blob/master/public/favicon.png" alt="MoveIt" width="120">
  

  
<br>
MoveIt
</h1>

<p align="center">Projeto desenvolvido durante a NLW do curso da RockeatSeat, a fim de gerenciar o tempo de usuários na frente de um dispositivo eletrônico, controlando o tempo e auxiliando o mesmo a realização de tarefas e exercícios a fim de promover sua saúde física e mental.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" alt="License MIT">
  </a>
</p>

## Features
[//]: # (Add the features of your project here:)
This app features all the latest tools and practices in web development!

-  **React Js** — A JavaScript library for building user interfaces
-  **Typescript** — A lib that provides a way to create web interfaces with Javascript
-  **Next.js** — A web framework for React Js
<br>

## "Where do I access your project?"


You can access my project by entering the following link:

https://moveit-silk-alpha.vercel.app/
<br>

# How do I start this project?


## Getting started

* Clone this repository :
>    $ git clone https://github.com/gustavocabralsouza/MoveIt.git
* Access the project folder in your terminal / cmd
>    $ cd moveit-next
* Go to the Front End application folder
>    $ cd moveit-next
* Install project dependencies
>    $ npm install or yarn install
* Run the application in development mode
>    $ npm run dev or yarn dev
* Final note: The application will open at port: 3000 - go to http: // localhost: 3000

## Screenshots
![print1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78655626/109403937-1610ce00-7940-11eb-9749-b36e03b43cdd.PNG)
![print2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78655626/109403946-2628ad80-7940-11eb-895e-d6a53f74794b.PNG)
![print3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78655626/109403950-29bc3480-7940-11eb-92a9-cd98a0f39f77.PNG)


## Versioning
 
1.0.0.0
 
<br>

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) page for details.

Commit message:

upload readme for changes definition features

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
<br>
    <img src="https://github.com/gustavocabralsouza/MoveIt/blob/master/public/favicon.png" alt="MoveIt" width="120">
  

  
<br>
MoveIt
</h1>

<p align="center">Projeto desenvolvido durante a NLW do curso da RockeatSeat, a fim de gerenciar o tempo de usuários na frente de um dispositivo eletrônico, controlando o tempo e auxiliando o mesmo a realização de tarefas e exercícios a fim de promover sua saúde física e mental.</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" alt="License MIT">
  </a>
</p>

## Features
[//]: # (Add the features of your project here:)
This app features all the latest tools and practices in web development!

-  **React Js** — A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
-  **Typescript** — TypeScript is a superset of JavaScript developed by Microsoft that adds typing and some other features to the language.
-  **Next.js** — A web framework for React Js
<br>

## "Where do I access your project?"


You can access my project by entering the following link:

https://moveit-silk-alpha.vercel.app/
<br>

# How do I start this project?


## Getting started

* Clone this repository :
>    $ git clone https://github.com/gustavocabralsouza/MoveIt.git
* Access the project folder in your terminal / cmd
>    $ cd moveit-next
* Go to the Front End application folder
>    $ cd moveit-next
* Install project dependencies
>    $ npm install or yarn install
* Run the application in development mode
>    $ npm run dev or yarn dev
* Final note: The application will open at port: 3000 - go to http: // localhost: 3000

## Screenshots
![print1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78655626/109403937-1610ce00-7940-11eb-9749-b36e03b43cdd.PNG)
![print2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78655626/109403946-2628ad80-7940-11eb-895e-d6a53f74794b.PNG)
![print3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78655626/109403950-29bc3480-7940-11eb-92a9-cd98a0f39f77.PNG)


## Versioning
 
1.0.0.0
 
<br>

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) page for details.
